180529 - day 7
  Got flickering resolved. In a rather bad looking way. Basically wrote similar logic for both the level and the character to only render once / only rerender if their image changed(mainly for the character)

  spent about two hours? Maybe an hour? on this today.

  This is where I wanted to leave the project for the time being, so that's good. Anything more is better, but this is good enough for now with everything else going on.

180528 - day 6
  Flickering is still an issue I haven't addressed. Keep getting caught up on other things. One of the instructors suggested only updating the old-cell and the new-cell, which occurred to me, but there must be something better?

  LOTS of refactoring, some of the main rendering class files are readable now (and not just blobs). Take a swing at this again tomorrow.

180527 - day 5
  I made a functioning room.
  Magic mouths work when you walk on them.
  Flickering is still an issue.
  Walls are collidable. It WAS it's whole own thing. Ugh. This is why State exists. I see now. I believe.

  Lots of under-the-hood improvements and refactoring.

  Did I get examination done yesterday? Well, it's working now and I don't see it in my notes, so there's that. Resting also works, I think that was yesterday or the day before.

180526 - day 4
  Got some real work done today. The first entry room is fully rendered now, sans collision detection with the environment. That's going to be its whole own thing.

  Need to solve the flickering problem when actually running the rendering (vs a static display) - something about doing it in onload in the sprite's constructor.

180525 - day 3
  Some aesthetic tweaks. Got the character to move and render properly, plus boundaries within the main game box. The blocks are going to be tricky.

  Damn sprites and images. Got them working, now have to get them working cleaner. More cleanly. cleanerly. Better. Going home.

180524 - day 2
  Got the static elements down in canvas.
  Made a pale blue character dot, need to figure out how to call its rendering and clear it out on each render. I think I need to push up something to the main render from character? cause right now it's just kinda hanging out / running on its own and just being instantiated by the main render.
